[Autogenerated] Let's talk about CloudFormation stacks within a W s
CloudFormation uses what are called stacks to manage.
Related Resource is so it's just a collection of the AWS Resource is
logically grouped and managed as a single unit.
So this is what allows us to deploy several pieces of an
architecture er in a single click.
And the beauty of CloudFormation stacks is that we can make changes
to the stack and updated in place without having to necessarily
tear it all down and recreated again.
Now, along with updating in place,
you can also obviously delete or create a new stack.
Now updating has two different categories.
We have direct updates, which are used for quick changes.
And then there's a category called change sets,
which error used when you want to review the
changes that are going to be applied.
So for something quick and in dire need,
you can use a direct update, but usually change Sets are best,
so you can actually see what you're approving in what you're deploying,
and then, finally, it allows us to detect unmanaged config changes,
aka drift using CloudFormation.
So when CloudFormation the text that one of your resource is is out of scope,
and it's not how it was configured via the deployment.
It can market as drifted, so you can go and correct that.
Now this technology is great,
but it's important to know that not all resource is do support drift detection.
So be sure to keep that in mind.
So now that we know what stacks are, let's take a look at some templates.
This is what makes up a template.
Now, obviously, this is _____ down and it doesn't have anything specific,
but we'll look at some actual templates here in the upcoming clips.
When we deployed to our accounts,
you can see they come in both JSON and Yamil template form.
But no matter what form they come in, they all follow the same syntax.
You can see there are several keys that we need to fill
in order to successfully deployed.
Now it's important to know that resource is here,
which is where we define our A.
W s resource is that we want to deploy, such as an S3 bucket or maybe an E c.
Two instance, This field is the only required one in this entire template,
so you can get away with only defining resource is in pushing your
CloudFormation template up and deploying it.
I would never recommend that, but it's just something to know,
because this is something that a WS likes to test over.
So now that we have an understanding of CloudFormation stacks
and templates as well as our change sets,
let's dive into some demos.
The first demo we're going to look at is going to deal with
deploying our very own CloudFormation stack.
Now the one I used in this upcoming clip will be available for you and
included with this course under the downloadable sections.
And after we do that, we're going to go ahead and perform a stack update,
and we'll perform both of the categories that we talked about
so direct update as well as a change set.
This way we can see the differences, and then finally,
we're going to use the designer to edit a stack.
Now,
designer is a tool offered by a W S built into
CloudFormation that allows us to visualize what our
template is doing as well as make changes.
It comes in handy when you want to see what you're actually
deploying and maybe walk through a process.
So let's end here.
We'll take a break and then when we pick back up, we'll go ahead and start digging into the console within a W s CloudFormation.